[8.16] [Cloud Security] Third-party cloud data (#6046)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/aws-securityhub.asciidoc

[[ingest-aws-securityhub-data]]
= Ingest AWS Security Hub data

In order to enrich your {elastic-sec} workflows with third-party cloud security posture data collected by AWS Security Hub:

* Follow the steps to {integrations-docs}/aws/securityhub[set up the AWS Security Hub integration]. 

* Make sure the integration version is at least 2.31.1. 

* Ensure you have `read` privileges for the `security_solution-*.misconfiguration_latest` index.

* While configuring the AWS Security Hub integration, turn on **Collect AWS Security Hub Findings from AWS**. We recommend you also set the **Initial Interval** value to `2160h` (equivalent to 90 days) to ingest existing logs.

image::images/aws-config-finding-logs.png[AWS Security Hub integration settings showing the findings toggle]

> After you've completed these steps, AWS Security Hub data will appear on the <<cspm-findings-page, Misconfiguration Findings>> page. 

Reviewer: Sort of a nit, but this sounds like the whole page is called "Misconfiguration Findings" which could mislead readers. More accurate, but wordier:

```suggestion
After you've completed these steps, AWS Security Hub data will appear on the Misconfigurations tab of the <<cspm-findings-page, Findings>> page. 
```

Or maybe something like:

```suggestion
After you've completed these steps, AWS Security Hub data will appear on <<cspm-findings-page, Findings | Misconfigurations>>. 
```
